except for your waxing tones so what's
going on is like there's a huge Mexican
franking standoff right that everybody
is know is very distressful none of the
other people including you man no but
they're they're gonna get waxed or not
let's do I don't trust you okay that's
guy here to be here yeah I'm not doing
armpits there's no fine I just yeah a
little bit yeah I mean here let's see
the chest nice em here yeah
Bessie's yeah and the armpit I'm always
getting kicked in wait no I'm not gonna
get kicked then I'm gonna watch this ah
I'm gonna be yelling a lot I'm gonna be
yelling I'm gonna be yelling a little
bit that is a hot oh oh oh my god
this is good
sure
I'm a hard beating so fast right now
oh my god oh my god you're the devil
this is yeah yeah look she's loving this
she's nominees okay we need this what no
nipples nipples
oh my god ah so what he recommended yeah
I would not recommend this oh I think so
okay nice the weddi peg begonia Nina
there's a very pretty
last one though how is this feeling did
a few terrible
oh so I'm not the only one that's
getting more next we all think it's Matt
okay but it's a Mars getting light I'm
Middle Eastern wax again let's go come
on just like me and you had a good time
okay yeah okay yeah perfect this is
gonna look awful like nobody's kissing
him he was just kept not might be scared
like we have to get this part this whole
area yeah yeah this holds as much as
fair as possible
yeah this is gonna be so bad look so hot
oh my god it was your phone Oh yo yo
give me a sign before you do anything
okay where's your phone with
the B sign here thing it helped the
public leave leave some hair so that it
looks really nice both revenge is also
sweet today
you're very tomorrow's happy no man
that's not fun man remember it's so much
she doesn't because I've shaved my
armpits and Sam to be sick it's exactly
like waxing my face your hair yeah
the worst part is I added this item to
the list
Amar's trying to justify that his hair
is somehow thicker is more painful but
what a man that my hair is way sicker
than his look at my look at this look at
this she doesn't have this is he can't
girl hair can't go fish there